to
hello to all my friends from youtube this
video side because this many people
they have many doubts about the life of
the battery and explain many of the
questions they asked me in the
comments
it was about the m6 battery that the
have all the comments they made
it seems that we did not read the
other comments that is where I
he explained and it seems
I had to be answering a
question often exists if it is in
This video is is that I M6
this is the module that the brain is ready
logically if it has its own sounds
and can look for other tutorial videos
about this battery in the
official videos
d
you can go as how to use this one that
It has several sounds
but I do not use these sounds that I use them
via usb that is backwards in the
back of the
of the battery
he passed it directly
I would be the superior
to the questions they ask me is yes
how the tarola sounded when you smashed it
would decline and if so the sound of unemployment
of the cloth
these things work by means of
sensors for example have two sensors
here
the other drums post
this stretch was followed as rain
this
Y
good good cons of this battery
is that we are used to
use real batteries we beat you very
strong and this battery because I broke without
want it that opens because you can see
tape with silicone
nothing happens the battery keeps sounding
same
and buy these batteries I recommend them
they do not hit it too hard because they do not
they hold a lot the heras
in our normal summer parties
remember that we
about the hype that can be put
double pedal
this is how they see in the hype area
It is very small
if I put double pedal that I 've already
made the other pedal to be the other
would be here in this area of
here and it does not shoot it very well not
wheat can very well be a
problem what you can do is get
another of these put here
the club's top bass drum adapter
what
to leave
the cables
I do not put it here
two looks but do not put here the other
they put
in the other hype it will come out the same
sound but it's not a problem because it 's the
drum
I have been asked what can be done
do with the same colors with the
cymbal but it has no case because it would be
the same
the same sounds unless you
they want it
the battery can not be added more in
outputs
Exactly why I put this as
always following
last of the drums and according to
sources dealing with or the one
different has
has one rubber edge here the other
sensor
for the whale but the difference
the other tones that are with ricky 2
they're hard
but the different
the years that are listening screams are
directly the program the superior
drummer I can not teach you the sounds
real right now because I would have to
connect it to an amplifier or
directly the computer and I do not
I have the cable to do this very far
but believe me the sounds are very
false and sound
they realize that they beat him slowly
I do not know exactly when
when you hit a horde of this
Titanic
do not
instead the original sounds of the
battery you hear exactly the same
hit but
with low volume with low force
but tip with the same sound very
cloned done very fake that does have
many different sounds
electronic if that was true friend
personal I do not do not use only
I use the USB output to carry
to the computer
use it with the same
well I'm tutorial to use the
building we go with the battery
are using right now the east requested
plus
this as you can see they have all these
present there our
this
although I'm fine very well down here
for the younger cousin of the superior
program is not that this does not happen almost
nothing too that is very simple
so it is important that we will see
is the other the suffering drama
so that we overcome have all Jesus
these are here they have to first in
save the other
and here installs in the district and already
you can use this and you look there all
Sometimes it's not the same, it's the same
web for when will they allocate wake for
example the right saucer badly crush
to English
they go to the battery they take off the battery
is
and sign automatically
well this would be all east though
so they can assign the battery has
that follow branch and in the inserts and
as well
this is the program I'm using the club
beige to 16 but the assignments of the
dishes of the tops and if you want to put
a lot like it's ray because it 's the
same
we are all inside the key cap
then there is a video and it has been useful